Add target docs for aarch64-apple-darwin (M1/M2 macs) (#124134)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/platform-support/aarch64-apple-darwin.md

# `aarch64-apple-darwin`

**Tier: 2 with host tools**

> 64-bit ARM-based Apple devices running macOS, Macs with M1 or M2 Apple Silicon chips. M3 or higher is [`arm64e-apple-darwin`](platform-support/arm64e-apple-darwin.md).

Reviewer: This isn't accurate; `aarch64-apple-darwin` works just fine on M3 too (I have one) and `arm64e-apple-darwin` works "just fine" (module ongoing ABI stability and implementation issues) on all M-series chips identically.  The distinction between the targets is the use of PAuth in the function call ABI, but PAuth is implemented on all of these CPUs and Apple's `arm64e` ABI is available on all of Apple's Arm-based devices, not just the Macs.

```suggestion
64-bit ARM-based Apple devices running macOS: Macs with M1-family or later Apple Silicon CPUs.
```

Author: That was a misunderstanding on my part. Do you happen to know who the maintainers are?

Reviewer: Sadly, I don't; I would love to know myself.  :(

## Target maintainers

- ???

## Requirements

This target supports host tools and cross-compilation. It provides the full standard library including std and alloc.

Binaries built for this target expect a Apple Silicon Mac on macOS 11.0 Big Sur+.

### Format

The default binary format is Mach-O, the executable format used on Apple's platforms.

## Building the target

Just add it to the `target` with:
```sh

> rustup target add aarch64-apple-darwin

Reviewer: I think this section is supposed to be for building `rustc` such that it includes the target, not just for building code that uses the target.  Although looking at the other documents it's kind of inconsistently used?

Author: The command for building the target std is always the same, so I think this should be fine.
